Hello everybody! This is the contact form for DataOne (the people who make the new API we might switch to). Give it a look and see
if there's anything you think I should add/subtract before I send it off. They won't review it until Monday, so we might as well make sure
what we send is good. Please take a look at the questions I have about what I should include, as well as the links I've put in here.

NOTES/THINGS TO CONSIDER:
-If/when we go past our free trial, we'll have to get a quote for pricing. I have no idea how that will go.
-Should I mention that if this project goes well, we might make this an actual startup?

Link to overall API info page:
https://www.dataonesoftware.com/vehicle-data-vin-decoding

Link to the data we'd probably be using (Maintenance schedule, recall info, :
https://www.dataonesoftware.com/vehicle-data-vin-decoding/vehicle-service-data#section-five


CONTACT FORM BELOW (https://offers.dataonesoftware.com/request_for_information?hsCtaTracking=64ccac24-9884-4dc2-aa13-3b5d40acf25a%7Cc5952e9f-820c-488d-a747-6bfa7ec28756):

Company: Revi Technologies
First Name: Will
Last Name: Coates
Email: revitechllc@gmail.com
Phone: (831)508-0134
Company Website: revi.tech
Industry Usage: Research/Studies (or other?)

Tell us about your needs:
Hi, 
We're a team of six UC Santa Cruz students working on a project for our Software Engineering class. We're building an app that helps 
drivers get better use out of their car, from maintenance reminders to educational resources. 

We're interested in using an API to provide users with information about maintenance schedules in particular, and possibly 
more information in the future, like recalls and service bulletins. We had some questions about your Vehicle Service Data product 
(we're not particularly interested in VIN decoding at the moment):

-Does the 15-day free trial only apply to the VIN Decoder, or does it cover Vehicle Service Data as well?
-Does the OEM Service Schedule require a VIN, or can this data be pulled simply by referencing year/make/model?
-A lot of your example use cases seem to be related to dealerships and other car sales applications. Is it an issue if we're not 
trying to sell anyone a car? 

Thanks for your time!
